Fix Relrefs (#799)
redis/docs: content/integrate/write-behind/data-transformation/data-transformation-pipeline.md

Currently, the default job is supported for ingest pipelines only.

### Example

> This example demonstrates the process of adding an `app_code` field with a value of `foo` using the [add_field]({{<relref "integrate/redis-data-integration/reference/data-transformation/add_field">}}) block to all tables that lack explicitly defined jobs. Additionally, it appends an `aws` prefix and a `gcp` postfix to every generated hash key.

Reviewer: It might be safer to do this, actually. It's the same file content for now, but write-behind might deviate from ingest in the future.
```suggestion
This example demonstrates the process of adding an `app_code` field with a value of `foo` using the [add_field]({{<relref "/integrate/write-behind/reference/data-transformation-block-types/add_field">}}) block to all tables that lack explicitly defined jobs. Additionally, it appends an `aws` prefix and a `gcp` postfix to every generated hash key.
```

Author: Great, thanks!
